Adding custom URL "vsocde.dev/azure" & details on it to the VS Code f… (#8265)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/setup/vscode-web.md

| MakeCode | `/edu/makecode` | [MakeCode docs](https://arcade.makecode.com/vscode) |
| VS Code for Education | `/edu` | [VS Code for Education landing page](https://vscodeedu.com/) |
| Azure Machine Learning (AML) | `/+ms-toolsai.vscode-ai-remote-web` | [AML docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-launch-vs-code-remote?view=azureml-api-2&tabs=vscode-web) |

> | Azure | `/azure` | [AML docs](https://insiders.vscode.dev/azure) |

Reviewer: We probably also want to change the URL text to something other than "AML docs"

> | Azure | `/azure` | [AML docs](https://insiders.vscode.dev/azure) |

Author: Makes sense!

Please note that some URLs must be entered in a specific way (for example, `vscode.dev/editor/liveshare` requires an active Live Share session). Please review each service's documentation for specific access and usage information.

There's more information on some of these URLs below.

> ## VS Code for the Web - Azure

Reviewer 2: Move this section higher up, just below **Azure Repos**. It breaks the follow-on sections and fits better alongside the other Azure section.

Suggest renaming it to "Manage Azure applications"

Reviewer 2: @meeraharidasa As mentioned above, please move this entire section above the "More custom URLs" and change the section name to "Manage Azure applications".
Then in the table with custom URLs, the URL should point to this section instead to make it consistent with how it's done for Azure Repos.

Reviewer 2: @meeraharidasa Given that @mistymadonna is working on a separate page for the `/azure` endpoint, I suggest removing this detailed section and link to that new page from the table above.

Author: @mistymadonna can you help me with this update that @ntrogh suggested?

> VS Code for the Web's custom URL - https://insiders.vscode.dev/azure, powered by Azure CLoudshell, allows a developer to run, debug and deploy their applications to Azure in seconds. This custom URL comes with all libraries, dependencies and extensions a developer would need to get started with Azure. Additionally, developers who sign into GitHub, can use GitHub Copilot as their peer programmer, leveraging Agent Mode, to help write code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VS Code for the Web's custom URL (<https://insiders.vscode.dev/azure>), powered by Azure Cloud Shell, allows a developer to run, debug, and deploy their applications to Azure in seconds. This environment comes with all libraries, dependencies, and extensions a developer would need to get started with Azure.

Developers who sign in to GitHub can use GitHub Copilot as their peer programmer, leveraging [agent mode](/docs/copilot/chat/chat-agent-mode.md) to help write code.
```
